Add more detail on Input/Output description (#90)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Overview.md

### Input

> An Input is a logical input connector which consumes video, audio and ancillary data for providing it to Sender(s). Relationship between the Input and such resources as a Source and a Flow is unspecified. The Input may present metadata about media consuming capabilities to its upstream counterpart. Each Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Reviewer: What about:
An Input is a logical input connector which consumes video, audio and ancillary data for providing it to Sender(s) through a number of Sources and Flows. The precise relationship between the Inputs and such Sources and a Flows is not specified as there may be IS-08 mapping element in the system. The Input may present metadata about media consuming capabilities to its upstream counterpart. Each Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

Author: ```suggestion
An Input is a logical input connector which consumes video, audio and ancillary data for providing it to Sender(s) through a number of Sources and Flows. The precise relationship between the Inputs and such Sources and Flows is not specified and there may be an IS-08 mapping element in the system. The Input may present metadata about media consuming capabilities to its upstream counterpart. Each Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].
```
